throw it down the circle of bein on the
mats and triple-a wrestling The
Washington Eagles against the Lowell
Cardinals we got a good one right out of
the gate to start off triple a wrestling
coverage with Washington's mincha Louis
gray two on the take down the 160's
Lowell Scott Denny get you on his own of
this take down here and then just when
it looks like oromos taking control no
it's Denny reversing for to coloma
getting it done one more time but in the
end it would be Demi winning the minor
decision 725 170 ones we've got a wild
one with Sam berry going in for a deuce
but check out Washington Silas quang
looking to apply the pin but Barry the
reversal and now he is trying to lay the
shoulders down both of these guys when
it looks like they're in peril seem to
come away with it look at this stacking
them up from the lower position
initially but then one who seems to be
in control finds himself in trouble to
Barry who will look to lay down the
shoulders and apply the pin oh my
goodness wool was already up 90 and in
the 189 the Cardinals remain in control
James see taking this one for to second
period Eagles Coleman reservoir got the
leg lock on oh my goodness it looks like
a scissors and finally the hammer will
come down that's up in and six points
for the Eagles we've got game on folks
it's jumped all the way around to the 10
trees where Washington's Eddie lamb or
scoring two right here then rolls John
Eugenio trying to flip his band and
stack them up not going to be allowed
lab Boots's man on his back lab winning
this 1824 lowell up 15 29 overall 112
voles and her hip put the foot to the
head and then watching him Jenny Lynn
will take control for two and do more
than just that with the reverse right
here oh it's live with an earful at the
buzzer we're going to go to overtime
folks and no2 limb is able to escape for
the one point and the match aah Lowell
is up as a team 18 29 1 19 Washington's
Eagle get the takedown and deduced but
then it slows any new yet whoo reverse
were to fighting hard this is a really
hard work and match between goal here
she is working for men ends up on top of
great great position for the pins you
squeeze it picks up three for the near
fall strength and technique but you're
gonna talk to the Eagles in the end
because here we go will reverse for
another two of his own sweep the leg and
score too much crowd a kid right there I
think and too much Washington on this
one the cradle is gonna be the deciding
factor giving Washington the wind but
look for any new income all cities and
look for Jason Lee who's in control the
125s a first period application of the
pin loll up 24 to 12 let's get on to the
130s where lolz Justin Kwan with the
takedown and again it's gonna be gone
picking up another two points in control
one flattening is opponent finally
scoring the pin roll up big 30 to 12 oh
where is Washington I'll tell you there
in the 135 s Damon Jones getting some
work in against wolves Lewis worn with
the reverse right here leapfrogging to
get himself in solid position Jones
scoring another two but talk about your
close contest Mr Wong will eventually
come out the victor by 1.8 271 40s
Daniel from wool getting off to a good
start and quickly is going to go a
little further the red applying the pin
Royals team awfully tough Cardinals look
is so solid let's go to 145 lolz Jacob
Clinton has his man wrapped up but why
should inspire his tongue rolling over
into a power position Oh folks we gotta
turn about where we go still in control
Todd is gonna roll his opponent for the
near fall and doesn't look like he's
going to be satisfied with that cleiton
able to move this into the second period
but that would be it takedown and more
for mr. Tong talk about a buying of
pressure and the shoulders to the mat if
he can oh he can tap tap we're done
Washington on the move we're gonna climb
back into this one and they sure do with
the last match of the day in the 152 s
Dmytryk strong from Washington aptly
named off to a quick start and working
his opponent strong scoring another two
and more Bulls his opponent for the pin
Washington Eagles very strong in the
middle of the order but overall it's the
Lowell Cardinals taking the day and
possibly sending a signal to the rest of
the triple-a I feel like today we
wrestled a fantastic dual meet against
Washington we came out wrestled hard
executed our technique and did
everything that we were supposed to do
and we came out on top our team
chemistry is fantastic we spend a lot of
time together and really have fun at
practice not only perfecting our moves
and becoming a better team in condition
and technically but we we bond together
and spend a lot of time together and
just enjoy the practices because of each
other's company Washington is our second
biggest rival so beating them was
definitely a step towards getting the
all-city championship and our biggest
opponent that we need to overcome now is
Galileo and if we beat them we can
probably win our city